I aspire to seek a challenging role that leverages my knowledge,creativity and problem solving abilities. 

I wish to contribute a significant part of my work to the current ongoing business of the company. 

Since the current business is very dynamic hence I strive to keep my knowledge updated which would eventually help for my personal growth and my company's growth.


I would like to work in an environment which provides more avenues in the fields of my interest.

I will always try to use my skills like honesty, devotion towards my job, punctuality etc. 

To secure a challenging position where I can effectively contribute my skills as Software Professional, possessing competent Technical skills.

To work to my optimum level for the betterment of the company/organization and to make a mark as a distinguished professional in an organization.

----------------------------------------------------------------



I have always made sure to keep a right balance in curricular(academics) and extra-curricular activities. I have done projects outside my academic curricular. 

Coming from an Electronics and Telecommunications background I made sure to keep a blend of hardware as well as software segments in my project. 

In my BE project we made use of database(SQL) as well as python and hardware. It was, "Counterfeit Currency Note Recognition" which compared the originality of Rs.500 note based on its security features using QR code technique. 

In my early engineering years I did a project on micro controllers using Machine Coding in which the micro controller acted as the interface between LED (64X64 array) lights and LCD touchscreen. 

Our aim was that any symbol drawn on LCD touchscreen should reflect that on array of LED light i.e respective LED lights should glow. Both of my major projects worked successfully.

Apart from this I have taken part in numerous inter-college debates, I was the Head of PR(Public Relations) in PI Club(Programmer's Incorporate) for a year. I have done a course on Financial Markets and Investment Strategies. I have worked enuthusiastically work for my college fest for fund raising using my pusuation and negotiation skills. 
